c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\KP Twitter Monitor.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\KP Twitter Monitor.pdb
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\KP_Twitter_Monitor_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Twitter Monitor.g.resources
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\KP_Twitter_Monitor.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Twitter Monitor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Twitter Monitor.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Twitter Monitor.pdb
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\KP Twitter Monitor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\herleeyandi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KP Twitter Monitor\KP Twitter Monitor\obj\Debug\Content.g.cs
